In the last video you've set up the production pool and we deal with setting up the product carts in
our home page.
Let's start by opening up the home component inside our text editor
here is important data service and a peer service.
And she did them as a constructor also declared the wearable products which we be use to start a list
of products on the server.
The energy that we run every time the page is visited.
Inside it will get a list of products from the link here when the response is receive from the server.
We assign the data then we check.
This is true.
If success is true there the products assigned to products.
Otherwise every message should be displayed if an error occurs on a client's site the error message
will disappear as well.
Now let's open up some company mail.
Here we've created a container it contains the message Loney's spinner and a list of product carts.
In this video have set up the product carts instead of home component.
Now let's take a look at what we've built let's make sure that no one is running that open up our app
here we can see the cars are now working inside our home.
Then in the next section we're setting up a real API on the server side.